Well, well, well. If it isn't us back at
it again. Huh?
>> Let's give this another shot, Ryan.
Let's try this again.
>> I'm excited, man. This was your idea.
This was not mine. It's your idea.
>> This wasn't actually this was like um
the the reason we're doing this is
because uh one of my former adversaries
um not really an adversary, but uh he he
reached out an olive branch. I'm talking
about uh Kevin the Commonwealth Picker
on YouTube.
>> Mhm.
>> And we had some old beef. I'm not going
to I'm not going to rehash it out now.
Um
>> Yep.
>> But he actually they invited me onto
their podcast.
>> Yeah, that was really nice of them.
Yeah.
>> Very. And it was very brave, too,
because I've
over the years I've been kind of known
to be a little bit of a hothead from
time to time. Mhm.
>> And he couldn't have known how that
would go for sure,
>> right?
>> And he's probably not exactly still sure
how it went.
>> I wonder I'm curious about like his
expectation going into it versus how he
felt after.
>> Like was it what he expected or was it
was it surprising to him? I'm curious
about that.
>> Me too. And
>> hi Ke hi Kevin if you're watching. Kevin
might be watching this. I don't know.
I reached out to Kevin, too, after that
show came out. Talked to him a little
bit and we're cool. So,
>> yeah, everything's cool. Um,
>> yeah, everything's fine.
>> And you know what?
We we're we're podcasting again. We've
done this before. I'm Lonnie, by the
way, for those of y'all that don't know
me. Um, the guy next to me
>> is Ryan.
>> I Is there anything else we want to we
need to say here, Ryan, right now?
>> Not Not really. We we know each other
from doing YouTube over the years.
>> Um
>> we met How long How long ago was that
that we we first met?
>> Oh man, we met in 2019. So what's that
going on?
Six. Is that No,
>> seven years. Oh my god.
>> Going on seven years. I thought
>> going on. So this spring will be seven
years. I think I met you in the spring
of 2019. So
>> okay. So, do we have a an an actual we
need to actually set a friend ver
friendversary?
>> Friend anniversary?
>> No, we need to we need to exchange
exchange.
>> We could probably figure out the exact
date. I don't know it offhand. I'm
sorry. Am I a bad friend?
>> Oh, that's that's fine.
>> No, you're not bad friend.
>> Speaking of bad friends, um that's a
podcast that I enjoy a lot, too. So, I
might
>> Bad Friends.
>> Yeah,
>> that's the one with Bobby Lee. Yeah,
it's got Bobby Lee and Andrew and Andy
or Andrew Santino on it.
>> Yeah,
>> I'm trying to pull up the um Oh, it's
trash to cash podcast.
And I'm gonna see I'm very proud. C Can
I Can I boast about something real
quick?
>> Yeah.
>> Is that okay?
>> Of course.
>> Okay.
>> So,
>> this is a boasting safe space.
>> Okay, good.
So, let's see.
I'm gonna try and share my screen.
>> I noticed that podcast is doing very
well.
>> That's what I was about to do. Okay.
>> Right there.
>> All right.
>> Yeah. I'm I'm Am I sharing my screen
successfully?
>> We're good. We're good.
>> Okay. So,
>> wow. 6200 views.
>> Yeah. Here. Trash to cash. Okay. And let
me show y'all something.
This is just an order. Like this is the
one I was on is right here.
Yep.
>> And they titled it finally um shed flips
and commonwealth picker uh flipper, I'm
sorry. Finally face off. That was a that
was a very good title.
>> Very good title. Who I wonder who do you
know who wrote that title?
>> I don't but they they deserve kum.
>> A good job. Yeah.
>> No. And those guys it's it could be AI
that wrote it. But
but um if you notice two just two weeks
before they had Harry Tornado which like
like he is a leg
>> he is a legit
>> internet YouTube sensation.
>> Yep.
>> 5100 views. Harry
my
>> you beat him in a day.
>> In a day. He's had two weeks.
>> So what's up with that Harry? You might
be losing it a little, buddy.
>> I'm joking. Oh, man.
>> But
>> but don't don't think he didn't notice
that already. If I know Harry the way I
think I know Harry. Okay. How do I stop
this screen? There.
>> There you go.
>> We back.
>> Okay.
>> I think a lot of it too um a lot of it
too is like you haven't really done a
whole lot of this format. Um at least
recently. I know you've done the live
shows on your channel which were huge
successes.
Um actually I I didn't really see I
didn't see the New Year's one very very
much. I fell asleep if I'm honest.
>> I was so tired that night, dude. I I I
stayed up till like almost midnight and
then I woke up at like shortly after New
Year's went by in my time zone. I was
like, "Oh, I missed it.
>> Sleep again." Yeah, I'm sorry.
>> No, no, it's it's totally fine. Like
that's really late for you because you
wake up and go to bed early like you're
supposed to.
>> But uh that was an illconceived plan on
our part. We we were all hyped up
because we had just had um a pretty
successful live stream for Chris for
like a Christmas party, right?
>> Yeah.
>> And we're like, "Oh, let's go all out
for New Year's. We're gonna we're gonna
we're going to ring in the new year in
all four time zones."
>> Oh, man.
>> Minimum four four hours minimum. But you
started it an hour early
>> or No, did I do that right?
>> Yeah. No, we we did. But so we did so
our time we did like 10
>> we were on from 10 to a little after
two. So it was okay.
>> It was a little over four hours
>> and it was fun. We enjoyed it but it was
about two hours too long.
>> How did you feel at the end of that?
Were you exhausted? I was exhausted and
I was also like mad that we even tried
to do something that long because at the
end there
>> we just were not giving it
>> the like like when I go live I like to
like even if I'm not successful I like
to try to entertain people
>> and at the end I just didn't have the
energy. We didn't have anything left in
the tank. You know,
>> that's one of the things that a lot of
people probably don't realize if if
you're not a content creator. Other
content creators that have done lives
probably get this, but um you would
think that doing a live show is fairly
easy. Not not not a big deal. You just
kind of turn the camera on and talk, but
it is mentally exhausting.
Like big time if if you want to put on a
show and be entertaining. And that
that's that's the thing is like when you
see cuz like in your live show you did
uh the the one on was it Christmas the
first one.
>> Mhm.
>> You had like you had what over 800
concurrent viewers which is insane.
That's insane. But to like hold those
viewers takes a lot. Like you can't just
be like hey guys and like you can't sit
there and talk to the chat the whole
time. You know if you do that you're
gonna have maybe a hundred viewers
right? people watch. But
>> I do have a confession to make though
about that is that I did kind of set it
up um that wasn't like that wasn't
completely an honest way to get 800
concurrent viewers probably.
>> Why? Because of what you were saying
during
>> Yeah. And also, yeah, the like Harry, if
you're still watching, if you're not if
you didn't like slam your computer shut
whenever I said that,
>> that wasn't fair either because
>> the like probably a big part of the
reason people are watching that episode
of Trash to Cash is because it promised
conflict and drama and stuff, right? And
>> Right.
>> It it pro it probably it delivered a
little bit, right? Don't you think
>> a little? Yeah. No. Yeah. You answered
some questions that people were asking
for years.
>> Yeah,
>> they got a little bit. Yeah,
>> it delivered. So, I mean, that's And
they didn't think that Harry Tornado was
going to come on there and have, you
know, there was going to be some um
there's there there was no old beef for
Harry Tornado to settle or anything,
right? So,
>> yeah,
>> like it's not really fair to compare
that. Also, during that live stream you
were talking about just now,
>> I was making a list of people's names as
I would
>> as I would see them in the chat and I
said, "Oh, yeah. We're going to cover
all these." And
>> when you were doing that, I remember
watching when you were doing that, the
the concurrent viewer viewer number was
going like this. And I I remember
thinking to myself, I'm like, "This live
is getting shared so many times right
now."
And to be honest, I was actually gonna
go down that list.
>> Yeah.
>> Name by name and say what I really
thought.
And I started thinking about it and I
looked at the chat and people are like
>> Candace was holding me back a little bit
too.
>> A little bit. But mostly I noticed like
in the chat because I try and kind of
read the room a little bit,
>> you know.
>> And I saw people in there saying, "No,
Lonnie, it's Christmas.
This is supposed to be happy. This
supposed to be fun. Oh, no. And other
people were like, "Shut up. Let them
talk." You know,
>> and I was like, "No, they're right.
They're right. This is not right. I
should not do this. I should not I
should not, you know, so I probably
>> I remember I remember in that show,
actually, that kind of circles back to
what we were talking about a minute ago.
In that show, Carrie actually reached
out to you and was like, "Hey, what's it
gonna take?" He said something, "What's
it gonna take to get on the show?" or I
forget exactly what he said, but he
invited you publicly in the chat
>> and I remember we were talking the next
day and I told you I was like, "Dude, I
don't know like were you thinking of
doing it after that or not really?"
>> I I I think I initially I may have even
initially told you there's no chance I
would ever do that or something.
>> Yeah, because I remember telling you
tell you that and you told me to do it.
>> I didn't tell you to do it. I said, "I
think you should really sleep on it and
consider it. Really think about it.
Don't just write it off."
>> That's the Ryan way of saying you really
should do it, though. I mean, you didn't
tell me to do it, but
>> yeah,
>> that's about as strong as as it gets
with you for telling me to do something
like
>> Yeah. I I thought you should do it, but
I I told you, you know, you should you
should consider it. That's the way I I
worded it. And and I'm glad you did,
too, because that was something that um
that I needed to go ahead and confront
and put put some, you know, put old
stupid petty stuff to rest and maybe
open up some new opportunities and
>> um some new new relationships because I
mean th those guys, you know, whatever
you may think and whatever may have
happened in the past, they're all good
guys, you know. Kevin
>> Absolutely. Yeah.
>> Kevin at heart, he's a good guy. Mh. Um,
he I feel like he probably I actually,
you know what, at the end I'll have to
watch the end of that podcast because
and I haven't talked to to Kevin again
since the podcast ended. I have not
talked to him. And at the end I I didn't
know if he was sad, mad, relieved,
and he shell shocked like I I was having
a lot of trouble reading his face and
what he or just like disappointed. I
didn't know what
>> I should probably reach out and ask him
what what it was because
>> you watched it, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah, I watched the whole thing.
Yep. What how do you think at the end at
the very end what was your read
I
don't know I I don't know I I think
>> I think he was a little surprised
>> I'll say that I think he was a little
but I do think he expected
>> what was coming to come you know like he
expected you guys to talk about that
stuff obviously
But I think I think he was probably
surprised that you took ownership of it.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, because
>> I left I left a little with him, too,
just to Well, just to explain because if
I don't explain what I was originally
mad about, then I just look like a
psychopath. Right.
>> Exactly. Yeah. But, you know, you
apologized and and took responsibility
for for for what you said and
>> um Yeah. No, it's I don't know. I don't
know how he feels. And and after
watching it, because he did talk about
me a little bit, too. And immediately
after watching the podcast, I was like,
"Yeah, I got to send him a message." Cuz
on like honestly
throughout the years, ever since we did
the podcast years ago on this channel,
funny enough, full circle moment.
>> Um,
you know, I felt regret. I I was
regretful of of everything we did on
that show. Um, and I did feel bad about
it. I felt bad. So, this you going on
the show actually gave me the
opportunity to reach out to him,
apologize myself. Um, and uh, I've had
nothing but good interactions with with
Kevin privately. Um, he was always
really nice to me. I met him I met him
in Cincinnati when we went.
>> Yep.
>> Great guy. Great guy. And, um, I have
nothing bad to say about him. So, um,
we're good. We're good. I messaged him
and he he uh he appreciated me reaching
out and uh I'm glad we got to have a
little conversation. So,
>> it is good. And he probably like uh no
matter how he felt about the the
podcast, there's probably some peace
there for him, too.
>> Well, there's peace there for me as
well. Like, cuz I I I felt I felt
terrible. I felt terrible about that for
years. I really have.
>> And um yeah, that was a that was a uh a
moment of healing there, which was kind
of nice. So
>> yeah, there's I felt a weight lift off
of my shoulders too.
>> Absolutely.
>> Because what what what
comes of like like at the base like I
can blame this and that but at the base
for me it was feelings of jealousness.
>> Mhm. and just be in pettiness
and like I was ignoring the fact that I
was getting outworked
and right, you know, u like just resting
on my laurels and I was comfortable with
what with how I had been doing and I was
just lazy to be honest.
>> Yeah.
>> And then but instead of looking inward
at the things that I was doing
>> Mhm. I've decided to take the lazy
approach and lash out and become a
victim of some of something that I like
imagine in my head. You know what I
mean?
>> Like I made my own prison in my own head
>> instead of just keeping my head down and
continuing to try to make things that
other people would want to copy.
>> Exactly.
>> Yep.
And that's that's something and like
that's something you mentioned. We we
don't have to go super deep into it
tonight, but like that's something you
mentioned on the podcast with the whole
spiritual thing and like
>> you know things have changed a lot for
you. Um they changed a lot for me too.
Um, and that's what's kind of been cool
about our friendship is we've been able
to bounce ideas off each other and go
through these growth periods
um together together. And uh it's been
really cool. It's been really cool. And
like with the the number one thing with
you was just um changing your your
health lifestyle, right? That was like
the thing that really snowballed
everything for you. And it's crazy how
it's it's insane how much um working out
and being healthy and making healthy
lifestyle choices through fitness and
and diet and all that manifests in other
ways. It's really insane and people
don't realize it and like it's easy to
say but it's hard to like it's hard to
explain unless you've done it I guess.
And I'm I'm being kind of vague here and
like we don't we don't have like I said
we don't have to go deep into this
tonight unless you want to. But um
>> it's been a really transformative
couple years but definitely p the past
year. I would say 2025 was a wild year
for both of us.
>> I would say the past definitely the past
year. Um
>> and oh you know you know something else
I think we should touch on too. Uh
>> yeah,
>> because this uh when we did do this
podcast before, there weren't just two
of us, there were three of us.
>> Yeah.
>> And um
>> I mean you I'll give you a chance to say
what you want to say, but I I'll just
say that Justin Justin was on this show
before RVA, y'all might know him as RVA
Flips, and there was no blow up. There
was no huge falling out or anything. Um,
but I haven't talked to him in I don't
know how long. It's been
well over a year. I I'll just say this
that he went one direction, I went
another, and
we were just no longer compatible as
friends or even acquaint as as
acquaintances. And I I I have no I have
no bad feelings. And he he actually
hasn't said anything. um mean-spirited
to me that I know about or said anything
publicly about me that I know about and
I do appreciate that. But yeah, I I did
want to at least address that since he
used to be part of this part of this
too.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And I would say probably
probably the same. Uh I don't want to
get too deep into it. Um but um zero bad
blood, no blow up, no fights, nothing
like that of that nature. We just we
grew apart. I haven't talked to him for
for quite a while either, but I can
honestly say Justin was one of my best
friends for many years, and I think he's
a great guy. I still love him, you know.
I I love him like a brother. And um but
yeah, we just we we grew apart. Um our
lives kind of went in different
directions. And um I hope he feels the
same way about me. I'm not sure, but uh
>> I think he does. I think he does.
>> He probably does. He He probably does.
Um
>> I think he definitely feels that he
feels the same way about you.
>> I'm not so sure he feels the same way
about me.
>> I don't know. Yeah, I have no idea.
>> But that's going too deep. That's going
too deep.
>> Yeah.
>> But yeah, no, I have nothing bad to say
about Justin. Great guy. Um and like I
said, one one of my best friends for for
a long time. So, um, yeah.
>> And I don't I don't regret it. I don't
regret that time either.
>> No, absolutely not. No. Big part of my
life.
>> Yeah. Big part of my life, too. And I
wouldn't um I wouldn't be friends with
>> I wouldn't be friends with with this guy
right here with Ryan. I
>> Justin brought Ryan and I together uh
originally.
>> So, uh and hey, Justin built up a
something else Justin did for me.
>> He gave you a big gift. He did.
>> He gave Okay. So, so here's some more
lore from the shed here. Um, the
reseller water cooler, which is a
Facebook group. I guess I can Let me
Boy, there might be something crazy
going on in there. I don't know.
>> Oh, boy.
>> Hey, where? Oh, here it is. Okay. So, uh
I guess I'll share my screen again. Can
you You can't tell us to to share my
screen, can you? Let's see.
Um, if you bring it up, I I
I have to bring it up. There we go.
>> Okay.
>> Yep.
>> All right. Can you see it?
>> So, yeah, Justin actually um this has
been How many years ago now, Ryan? Do
you think?
>> Oh, man. So, he started this group I
think he started this group before
I even knew him. So it probably would
have been 2018 2019 when he when he
started this group.
>> I could be wrong but around that time.
>> Well I I want to say it was about maybe
three years ago. Two two or three years
ago he stopped reselling and he got a
job
>> and um the the group had gone to like
crap to be honest because nobody was
really running it or watching over it or
anything. and he knew it and it was just
kind of sitting there, but it still had
probably at the time, I don't know,
maybe 8,000 members or something
>> because I think he started this group
like it was for his channel. It it used
to be called RBA Flips Reseller Water
Cooler or something like that,
>> right? It was for his his his channel,
right? Exactly.
And um it had gone to it had gone to
crap and um I think I may have asked him
I don't remember if I I don't remember
if he offered I I don't remember
>> I think he made us admins
a long time ago
>> right
>> and then
and then I don't remember I don't
I he might have offered it to you
>> or he might have Or I might have asked
him. I might have I I I may have
>> I can't remember.
>> I may have I may have said, "Hey,
Justin, look,
>> I don't know what you're planning on
doing with it, but
>> like if you want me to, I'll take it
over and do what I can with the group."
Because I just hated to see it.
See, I had another Facebook group
before. Ryan, do you remember this?
>> Uh, was it the sixpack or was that
something else?
I don't remember what it was called, but
it was
>> a Facebook group.
>> Yes. Me?
>> Really?
>> John and I had a Facebook group.
>> Oh. Oh, that. Yeah. That got shut down,
right?
>> And it was big. It was massive, right?
Like
Hang on.
>> Let me not say massive. Let me say it.
>> It was pretty big.
>> Five somewhere between five five eight
five to 8,000 something like that. Is
that what
>> Wow. This is deep lore,
>> right? It's all coming back to me.
>> I don't know if I ever told this story.
>> I don't I don't think you have.
>> I'll tell it now. Um
>> I'll tell it now.
>> You know what one of You know what one
of my You know what one of my goals is
to happen on this on this podcast
eventually though. Ryan,
>> what's that
>> stretch goal? I would love to have John
as a guest on one of these one time.
>> Oh, that would be interesting. Wow.
Okay.
>> I'm not saying it's gonna happen. and he
might not want to do it or whatever, but
I I you know, and you and I of course
will have to always agree on whatever we
we do.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> yeah,
>> but I mean I wouldn't I wouldn't be
against it.
>> Okay, cool.
>> So yeah,
>> I I think guests would make this fun,
but um
>> definitely.
>> Oh, so he I remember what it was now. We
were running that group,
uh, John and I, and he was getting
like we were actually John and I were
both getting harassed big time.
>> Mhm.
>> Like like people
>> Oh, yeah. Like in our personal lives.
>> Yeah. Like I remember that.
>> But it stemmed from YouTube or
something, right?
>> Mhm. And John and I were both getting uh
threat threatening messages and stuff
from the same person
and they got a hold of his I think they
got a hold of his phone number or
something and maybe Oh, I remember they
had left a note on his car
like in you know like in real life.
>> That's wild.
>> Yeah.
And when that happened, he reached out
to me and he's like, "Dude, I gotta pull
back.
>> You know, this is like like I want to
shut the group down. I don't want any
like he really wanted to pull back." And
I and I understood.
>> Yeah.
>> And I was like,
>> I was like, "Say no more. I'll pull the
plug now." Like he was really, you know,
really upset, which I understood.
>> And I said, "Say no more."
>> Yeah.
>> I'll pull the plug now. And I did.
And um to be honest, I took the heat. I
took all of the blame for it.
>> You did.
>> And um
>> Yeah,
I remember that. Yeah.
>> And and like Yeah, he he let me I'll say
that. He let me take the all the blame
for it, but that that really uh a lot of
people were
>> That was a real friend move right there,
dude.
>> Yeah. And I I don't regret it because
like I said,
>> he was under a lot of pressure, but then
>> um I I shouldn't have taken that hit
like that. That was dumb on my part
because a lot of people were very mad at
me because a lot of people were It was
that group was like very important to
them.
>> I forget how it went down. Like why did
you take the heat? Did you say that it
was your doing that took it down or I
don't remember exactly why.
>> Yeah, I I took I took the fall for it.
Yeah,
>> I guess I didn't. Now that I'm saying
that I did, it doesn't count anymore.
But yeah, I took the fall. But that was
like, dude, that had to be five years
ago, huh?
>> At least.
>> Yeah, that was probably
>> Yeah, shortly after I met you,
>> but then everybody like all the So, you
literally shut the group off,
>> deleted it,
>> and then
>> I think so. Yeah. And then all the all
the the people the refugees had nowhere
to go and they went to
>> Well, a lot of them did go to RVA flips,
>> right? So that's where that that group
that group started to grow because of
that because we were talking about the
the Facebook group, right? Yeah.
>> Yeah. I'm sorry. Thank you for bringing
me back on track.
>> But but yeah, Justin hadn't touched the
group for a long time and he wasn't
reselling anymore. didn't care about
reselling anymore because I mean like
and that was part of the that was one
part of the reason why we weren't
friends anymore too. Not the whole
reason but it was part of it like we
were kind of work uh I'm talking about
just I'm talking about for me not for
Ryan. Justin and I were, you know, we
were work buddies to some extent. And
there's some, you know, when you move go
from one job to another, Ryan, you have
like people, maybe you don't because you
don't you don't really job hop, but when
you do
>> people that leave the the job that I
work at, I I don't really talk to them
anymore. Yeah.
>> And y and y'all were probably s like for
being work buddies, some of them
probably pretty tight, right?
>> Yeah. Absolutely. Yep. So, I mean,
there's some of that, too. But, yeah, he
he gave me he handed the group over
>> and to to me and Candace, and we took it
took it on, and it's actually been um
it's been very rewarding, and it's been
a way that we could give back to a lot
of the people that follow us. He handed
that group over and it's been awesome.
It's been steadily growing and a lot of
people love it and Candace and I are
pretty proud of it. We work really hard
at it. And um when I say really hard,
that's relative to not doing anything, I
guess. We we work um
>> No, you do put a lot of effort into
that. You do.
>> We we put a lot of effort trying to make
sure that it doesn't get overrun by
jerks,
you know, and and snark and just people
making new people feel scared,
intimidated to ask a question, you And
you have some pretty good mods in there,
too, right?
>> I'm a mod, but I'm a I'm probably the
worst mod of all time.
>> I've done nothing.
>> No, I'm sorry.
>> All All dude, all mods are terrible over
time. All mods, all mods are terrible
over time. It just happens.
>> It gets exa It's exhausting. It's a lot.
>> You You were more of a friend. You were
a friend. You're like an honorary friend
mod appointment. Like nobody ever
expected you to do anything. I think Are
Aren't you actually like an admin?
>> I might be an admin, I think. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know.
>> Ryan,
>> I have all the I'm like I'm like the I'm
like the king of England. I have all the
power, but I never use it.
>> Yeah.
>> But yeah, that's the Justin. Um I guess
we covered Justin now, huh? Yeah. Yeah.
I'm sure that question would have come
up. So,
>> but what what what other fires can we
cut can we put out here or what can you
anticipate like um so so Ryan, where
have you been? Why haven't like why did
y'all quit doing this? What
>> did you What's the reason?
>> Like my my reselling channel?
>> No. Why did you quit doing the podcast?
Why? Why did y'all quit doing the
podcast when you're doing
>> our like me and Pam's podcast?
>> No, the the one that we did. The one
that we did. They cancelled this
podcast. Why did we quit?
>> We canceled ourselves. No. Uh we did we
just stopped.
Literally, we we did an episode. I think
the last episode we did was was the one
about um like when we went to um
Nashville. Remember that one?
>> Yeah.
And we did that one. We covered our trip
and actually that was a pretty fun
episode. And then uh I don't think we
did one after that.
>> Do you remember why we quit? I think we
just kind of just
>> we didn't we didn't do it again
>> cuz we we were still like we were still
all talking for a while after the after
that stopped for another like over a
year.
>> Maybe.
>> So I don't know.
>> I don't know why. starting to kind of I
think things are starting to kind of
fall apart though a little bit too
though. Maybe I'm not sure
>> on my end. Probably probably not. I
>> I not on my end either.
>> Yeah. I don't know. No, cuz we went I
don't know. Should we go into Yeah, we
No, we'll just leave it. We'll leave it.
>> Yeah, that we we probably said too much
already.
>> Yeah. But what what do you what what do
you hope like what do you hope to
>> to do with this with this podcast moving
forward? Like have you thought about it
like much at all?
>> And when did we first when did we first
decide we were going to do this?
>> Yesterday.
>> It was yesterday. Okay.
>> Today's date is January 7th. So J6 guys,
we decided to do this podcast.
>> I told you know you know you know how it
happened is we had been talking about
the the fallout of the trash to cash
and
>> what do you mean the fallout?
>> Not fallout but like I guess the
>> the response
>> the maybe a hot wash or a briefing
afterwards or something. I don't know.
>> Yeah. are just how it made me feel to do
it.
>> Uhuh.
>> And how like and and I always get a
charge out of it, right?
>> And and I I think I I I said I told Ryan
I said, "Dude, we need to do something."
>> Yeah.
>> I think that's what I told you.
>> And Yeah. And immediately I was like,
"Yep." Because this is something we've
talked about previously, not podcast
form, but
so the history of this channel that you
you're watching this podcast or
listening to this podcast on right now.
Originally, we had a podcast with us two
and Justin, another guy. And then that
stopped. And then I actually rebranded
the channel to Ryan Reacts because I
was, and this is something we can go
into in another episode, but I was going
through like this period of I was trying
to figure out what I wanted to do with
social media and I was trying all
different things and I ended up
rebranding this channel called Ryan
Reacts and I was doing reaction videos
and it did okay. Like it wasn't great
but it wasn't terrible.
>> If you would have stayed on it if if you
would have stayed on it no telling what
would have happened.
>> True. And the reason I didn't stay on it
is because I ended up blowing up on
another avenue. I ended up get finding
success somewhere else. M um so I I had
to divert focus but I really enjoy doing
this sort of format type thing and and I
and even like as I was finding success
elsewhere
I've told you Lonnie you probably
remember I was like I really like doing
that like this format like I like I like
talking I like having a microphone in
front of me and and expressing my what I
think and how I feel and I I really love
this and I was like I don't know if
there's room for that and whatever. It
was just kind of like a passing
conversation and then this came up
literally yesterday. You brought it up.
You're like, "Hey, we need to do
something." I'm like, "Yep, this is it."
So, here we are. It kind of worked out.
>> You know what else is cool is Ryan and I
talk um over the all every day all day,
but not like constantly. Like sometimes
during especially during the day because
we're both working.
He might send me something, I might send
him something and then it might not get
responded to for an hour or two at
times. Usually not the case, but
sometimes it is.
>> Uh, but
>> Ryan and I very rarely
>> uh talk like this. Usually we're talking
like
>> like I record a voice message, hit send,
and then and then I wait a couple of
minutes. Oh, look, he responded. And
then I hit play and it's very like
>> it's weird because
>> like a carrier pigeon type communication
>> and like you can think about what you
want to say for a few seconds or minutes
even before you even say it. So it's it
is weird and it's like this kind of when
we see each other in person when we see
each each other in person it's not weird
but it's like
>> it takes a minute.
>> It's like whoa instant replies
right.
Ah, you let me ask you this. I've never
asked you this. Um, since we do we do
utilize voice messages quite a quite a
bit.
>> Yeah.
>> How often I I'll tell you I'll tell you
how often it is for me. It's not I
wouldn't say it's that often.
>> Usually I don't I don't think about
stuff like that at all, but on some
voice messages
by the time you hear it, it's I've
already done three takes. I've had voice
messages like that.
>> Yeah. Yes.
Yes,
I'll like or I'll I'll be talking and
I'll just like totally screw up the
sentence or I'll like uh delete and
>> not all the time. Once in a while that
happens. Yeah, totally.
>> It's like a verbal typo, but you just
like, "Oh, well, screw it."
>> And then sometime sometimes I send a
message like, "Oh, that was a good one."
And I'll listen to it back. I was like,
>> "Oh, yeah. Yeah.
When Lonnie's talking about, if anybody
doesn't doesn't know, when Lonnie's
talking about voice message, we use the
app Facebook Messenger, which by the
way, Facebook Messenger
is probably the most elite form of
communicating there is. In my opinion,
texting sucks.
>> Yeah,
>> texting sucks. for a while. For a while,
we we were communicating over on X,
which also has voice voice capability.
It's
>> not bad.
>> It's not too bad, actually. It's It's
pretty close to to Messenger, but
Messenger is is the goat.
>> It feels like home. Facebook Messenger
just feels like home to me. I feel very
comfortable in there, you know?
Everything's just just
>> They have it figured out over there for
sure.
>> They do.
>> Meta did a good job with with Messenger.
But but all that to say, we don't
normally get to have this kind of
conversation where,
>> right,
>> we can we can see each other's uh
reactions live and stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, so this is
>> it's it is crazy. Yeah.
>> So this is cool from just a friend
perspective, you know, not having a full
duplex communication instead of half
duplex communication.
>> Right. Right.
>> Oh, but one one other thing. Um
We want to keep doing these.
>> Yep.
>> And we want to be pretty regular about
it.
>> Yes.
>> Because we want this to work and we want
this to be entertaining and
we want to build a good audience and we
want to keep doing this. So, so one of
the things that we agreed on
>> and we're going to stick to it
>> is we're hopefully going to end these at
a point where you're like, "Oh, I wish
they wouldn't end it. I I still want
more."
>> Right?
>> So, we're going to our goal is to keep
these pretty short.
>> These are probably going to be like an
hour or less. So, you're not going to be
seeing videos dropping that are super
long. couple hours.
Um because we've done that in the past
and it's it's okay. But I I think I
think it I think there's I think there's
a market for for things that are a
little a little shorter.
>> And if if we don't feel like every time
we sit down to do one of these, oh boy,
>> it's a chore.
>> There goes two hours. I mean, we'll
enjoy it, but it's still like this huge
big hairy commitment,
>> you know, and if it feels like it's this
huge commitment, like it might just go
away. So,
>> and one other thing that we've committed
to, um, we don't have a schedule for
this. They are going to drop
sporadically,
probably regularly since that we're
doing like the shorter version, but we
don't have like a set day time 100%
we're going to have an episode out this
week. Not necessarily.
>> Um,
>> but we want to try to be as regular as
possible. I do. I'm I think you do too,
right? Like we want to be somewhat
regularly. I don't like I'm not going to
say I want to average one a week, but I
kind of want to average one a week and
like just loosely like it might be two
one week and then
>> maybe we go a month where we do one and
then we hit eight,
>> you know. But yeah. Yeah.
>> So don't expect a set schedule ever, but
we are going to be active
>> and f Yeah. So follow uh follow Ryan
Crazy Dreamers
on Facebook
and then I'm Lonnie M Honeycut on
Facebook. I guess we could put that in.
>> We'll link it down below.
>> Yeah.
>> And we're we're both going to be
shouting out the new pod anytime it
drops. So
>> Oh, absolutely. Yep.
>> Um we're we're planning on we have some
guests. I I already talked about one
potential guest, but we I think we both
have some more in mind. Yep.
>> I don't know how often that'll be.
>> Might be interesting.
>> Um
>> I I think it would be I think it'd be
fun to have some people on.
>> I do too. And I think
>> that's something I've never I've You
have some experience in that. That's
something I've never I've never had
experience with really. Having like
hosting a show with people that I don't
necessarily
know. No. No. you know,
>> it's it I I've I've got a little
experience with it and it's it is
interesting unless you're I mean,
especially if you're dealing with
someone that's not necessarily
u a a an internet personality,
>> you know what I mean? That's when it can
be really interesting because you don't
know what you're going to get then once
the
>> once camera goes on.
>> That would be fun. So, like people that
like might not have any social media
uh persona at all, right?
>> Having them on the show. Oh, wow. Oh,
interesting. Yeah. I mean, it could be
fun.
>> But it it could also be like really
weird too because like you never know
what
>> you don't know what you're really going
to get sometimes,
>> right?
>> Yeah. You know,
>> is that a good idea or is that a bad is
that risking it?
Um, another thing I was thinking about
too, Ryan, I don't know where you're at
on this. Maybe occasionally we could do
a live.
>> That might be
>> Oh, yeah. Absolutely. That would be fun.
>> Yeah,
>> that might be a little further down the
road. U I I expect we'll talk about
YouTube a lot and uh just being content
creators,
>> social media in general. Yeah.
>> Because
>> for me personally, I know you're very
YouTube centric. Um, for me personally,
YouTube's kind of on the back burner for
me. I'm still uploading to YouTube every
day on on my Crazy Dreamers channel, not
like my main channel that I I did
YouTube on, but uh I'm mostly on other
platforms now, Tik Tok, Facebook,
Instagram. Um, so yeah. Yeah, we could
talk about all that. That'd be fun.
>> Yeah. And and he drugged me over over to
all that stuff, too. He kind of drugged
me into the short content and then once
I got there I started loving it too. And
um
>> and this actually this probably kind of
quenches your thirst for some long form
kind of stuff too because
>> it does. Yeah. Cuz it's it's it's a form
of long form that I can I can do like
with at least what I'm doing right now.
I don't really have time to do long
form,
>> right? So yeah. Yeah, this is good.
>> Yeah, it's awesome. And yeah, so we're I
think we're going to talk a lot about
content creation
>> and um I mean all the all the stuff we
do running. I'm sure we're going to talk
about Ryan's actually wearing um
>> right here.
>> The I ran That's the shirt I actually
ran.
>> You have this shirt?
>> I do.
>> You did.
>> You ran the half in this shirt?
>> Yeah.
>> Yep. That's uh just this past November
we ran that and u yeah so I'm glad you
and that was like a um we'll talk about
it more later that was a uh that half
marathon was actually like
a touchstone moment I guess for me like
in my life
>> it was
>> it was I I I discovered a lot of things
at that half marathon
>> that didn't actually involve olve um the
running like I didn't like I didn't feel
some crazy runner's high in the middle
of it and something happened you know or
anything. It was afterwards
um
>> afterwards like when I really started
letting everything soak in and I
realized where I was and what I was
doing and what I had become and where I
had come from and all that stuff and it
all just like hit me like a ton of
bricks and a lot of things became clear.
That's probably a story for another day
though.
>> Yeah. Yeah. We can we can make an
episode on that. That'll be that that'll
be I think really um that'll resonate
with a lot of people or hopefully it
will resonate with a lot of people and
inspire a lot of people because it's
it's a really great story
>> and and that's pretty pretty amazing.
>> It is. And and when I say talk about
running, I don't I don't think we're
going to get like talk about the actual
physical act of running and you know
like how to run faster or things like
that too much.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Other than maybe we'll show our new pair
of super shoes or something like that.
>> Yes.
>> One one thing I've become kind of a
sneaker head a little bit.
>> Have you have you noticed that, dude?
Like I'm I'm like I got a bunch of pair
new pairs of shoes for Christmas and
like
>> Did you really? Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> You got a sick pair of uh trail shoes
>> that I You use those yet?
>> I haven't. I was just looking at them. I
was gonna I was thinking about I haven't
hit the trail.
>> U which is
>> I want to get into some more trail
running because that that that's a lot
of fun. It's a lot more technical. You
got to pay a lot of attention, but it's
pretty fun. You're like out in nature.
Right.
>> You know, so but yeah, um that that's
that's some of the stuff you can look
forward to. We're we're probably not
>> Yes.
>> Yep.
>> So Ryan, we've been going at this for 47
minutes now.
>> Yeah. I I think this is a I think this
is a great introductory introductionary.
Is that a word? Introduction.
>> Introduc in Wait, I think you introduc
No, wait. That doesn't sound
introduction. Introductory introd
>> introductory. That's it. Oh man.
>> Oh, introductionary.
You got screwed up.
>> Write it in the dictionary. Add it to
the list.
>> Oh man.
>> No, but this this is a great first uh
episode of kind of what what's going to
happen here and and what we're going to
be talking about and the whole vibe and
uh but yeah, this is fun. I'm excited.
I'm excited.
>> Me, too, man. I can't wait to see where
we go from here. So, but uh yeah, thank
>> thanks so much for watching everyone.
>> Thanks guys. We'll see you very soon.
>> Bye y'all.